How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    using the diff command with -u flag and old version and new version of file


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Using a version control system

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros manual commits: You know when you did a big change, so you can commit; cons: maybe you forgot make a commit when was neccesary and you did lost your work.
    Cons auto commits: Maybe wasn't necesary make a commit when it was commited and you have a unnecesary version; Pros: Maybe you forgot make a commit but it was commited automatically, so you have all your work on save, thats good.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Because of git tends to be used by developers who want have a control version system and the most of the times changes are made to diferents connected files, on the other hard, others control versions like google docs just need keep a single file because most of the times a file doesn't depends of another one.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    When i make a change and something was wrong because i moved some line that i sould didnt i can use git log to see history about commits and see differences between two differents commits to look at what was wrong

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Well, if i know that i can get back to a stable version of my project i can go ahead making changes without worry if i make a wrong change

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to make a big project to test my git skills
